I'm in prison and then after two weeks
they come and move me and I said where
am I going why have you brought me here
I was fine where what what what's the
reason for bringing me here if you put
me on that prison Wing I'm going to come
straight out that prison door he said
when they come to get you do not leave
this cell I'm telling you your life
depends on it
[Music]
hello everybody I'm talking today to The
Dread Tommy
Robinson um my wife who's going to join
the discussion she had something to do
with this Tammy and I have been
following Tommy for quite a long time
years really probably nine years maybe
longer than that wondering just what the
hell he's doing and what he's up to
watching his exposure particularly of
the grooming gangs in the UK which is
like the darkest story that the most
demented imagination could possibly
pause it so Tammy was going to interview
Tommy and I wanted to meet him and then
he got arrested in Calgary and I talked
to Tammy a bunch about this and we
watched his
latest documentary silenced together and
I felt that it would be more than useful
for us to both do the podcast and so
that's what we've done and so what did
we talk about well we talked about his
arrest in Canada right with no charges
and we talked about well his past since
really since 2009 up to 2018 and what
he's been through and why and uh we
talked about the rally that's going to
occur in London on July
27th and much else as well and so join
us for
that so Mr
Robinson my wife and I have been
following you a long time trying to
figure out what the hell's going on and
what you're up to and so you've just run
into a spot of trouble you might say in
Canada welcome to
Canada welcome to Justin Trudeau's
Canada yeah yeah so maybe why don't you
start with what happened in Calgary and
what and what you think happened because
no one really
knows um so I landed in I went to
Montreal I spent a week in Montreal I
met gadad I met enaf badawi I've been in
contact with that family for 10 years
went for dinner there then I traveled to
Calgary he's that's the family of the
guy who's trapped in so ra ra badawi
yeah um he he put a statement online in
Saudi Arabia saying Jews Christians and
Muslims are equal that's what he said he
was prosecuted he got 10 years in prison
and they kept trying to do him for
apostasy so they were trying to sentence
him to death he was sentenced to a
thousand lashes now this was in 2011
2012 and that was to at the start my
activism but I was in contact with Rafe
and his family so he had three children
same age as my children children and to
and I've just visited his family to know
that he still hasn't embraced and be
able to hug his family still now is
insane yeah and there was a fight for
his freedom and Canada gave his family
who at the time I was in contact with
them back then he gave them Refugee
status um and so I I come to Canada and
I went to meet his family they invited
me for dinner had a lovely time um then
I come to Calgary when I landed in
Canada I contacted Ezra lant because I
used to work for Rebel media said I'm in
Canada he said great let's set up a
couple of an events and so I landed and
then we set up the first event for 6
days later so which was in Calgary so I
then traveled to Calgary give my first
speaking event talking about my politics
talking about my journalism back home
telling about my story and as I went to
leave the event at the end four four
cars pulled up arrested me detained me
took me to an Immigration Center I
wasn't charged it was quite insane
actually it quite bizarre because did
they were you ever charged with anything
never charged with anything and and so
so what what I found particularly
strange about that was that you I
understand that you were detained for
some time at the airport is that is I
was detained begin for three or four
hours at immigration one so they went
and I've got a copy of my stamp so they
they stamped me with a qu with queries I
think because I traveled in on an Irish
passport from Denmark and I didn't have
a return FL oh they probably knew who
you were too yeah and and but they but
they when they questioned me for the
three four hours they want to know who I
was seeing where I was staying I gave
them all that information they made
phone calls to the people um and then
they released me and then when and as I
said when they come they said they
detained me they took me to the
Immigration Center and and then they
seemed like they were trying to release
me straight away which the officers
didn't seem like they wanted to be
detaining me they said they said Tommy
listen if you agree to conditions we can
get you out the door oh yeah if you
don't agree conditions you're going to
be on a flight to Vancouver and you're
going to be detained and that detainment
could be for a while yeah okay but I
said okay so what do you want me to
agree to they said agree to not leave
Calgary and agreed to sign in the police
station three three times a week so my
next my event did they say why well it's
it become quite obvious why because it
was to block my appearance at Edmonton
they said you're not I said what about
Edmonton I've got an event sold out
tomorrow in Ed you're not allowed to go
to Ed okay okay got it and then I said
I'm due to be in Toronto you're not
allowed to go to Toronto so I said okay
so that's what this is about then I see
and did they say on what grounds you
weren't allowed speak to all the people
who'd already paid for you to speak to
them they said that they didn't believe
I've been entirely honest with them in
my immigration meeting so I didn't we
didn't preut up any event or for sales
for a talking engagement until I was in
Canada when I was in Canada and I spoke
to Rebel media so once I was through
immigration I spoke to Ezra Ezra said
right let's do a couple of speaking
engagements so they said they believe I
knew I was doing speaking engagements
before I come here but there was no
ticket sales there was nothing before I
come here it was once I got in it but I
said what what difference does that make
what difference does that make I'm in
Canada you've given me six months I
believe to be here yeah when I've when
when you you've allowed me in what
difference does it make whether I'm
speaking or not then they said and we
had lawyers present for all of this and
IM Ezra hired us the best immigration
lawyer they said that you're only
allowed five days if you're coming and
doing a speaking engagement which is a
different visa to what you you've got
then you're allowed five days so you've
had your first day in Calgary so you
can't do Toronto anyway because it's
seven or eight days later and then the
immigration lawyer said well that's not
true because you're allowed five
separate dates and it doesn't matter if
they're over the six months so they were
trying to twist things the whole time
they but then they seemed in a very bad
situation which they were trying to we
spent two days of negotiations so it was
it was this in Calgary in Calgary yeah
in Calgary with lawyers to negotiate my
exit from the country so for them we had
to negotiate when I because what they
said is you're not free to leave at the
minute you can't leave it's my
daughter's birthday next week so I was
concerned I didn't want to tell him that
but I was concerned that I was going to
be held here then I was concerned
whether they'll holding me here till
after July 27th which is my next big
event in the UK so my my head started
going down all the rabbit holes trying
to work out what they're doing but I
don't think they knew what they were
doing if I'm honest after speaking it is
Canada under Justin Trudeau so that's a
fair assumption and they didn't want to
be doing it it was very clear the
officers that were doing it in Calgary
in Calgary yeah I wondered about we're
so nice yeah we so nice the whole time
and who picked you up what was the the
Canada Border immigration agency cbsa
right so was the Federal people the
federal people yeah and they said it had
come from cuz I asked them I recorded
them in the back of the car saying who's
who's ordered my detention and what for
and they said for immigration violations
yeah I poked around in the Alberta
Government to see if there is any
involvement there and I found no
evidence that they knew anything about
what was going on with you at all or
could find out about anything and it
doesn't make sense because then that now
they've just G me back my passport but
they only give me back my passport under
the agreement that I booked my flight to
leave from Toronto now do you have a
speaking engagement in Toronto today
today when is it uh it's at five it
starts at 5:00 right right okay okay
okay so so okay so what did you want to
come here to speak about so I'll be
honest this this possibly could be the
most important interview I've done of my
life yeah I currently face since leaving
the UK I had a bit huge event on the 1
of June since leaving the UK I've
received no paperwork but a far-left
organization have put out that I'm going
to be in court on July 29th facing two
years in prison for a for a film that I
made four years ago so
why are you being charged for Tammy and
I watched that film last week you've
watched the film yeah now the only thing
I saw about it that was you know could
be argued to be questionable was the
fact that you recorded people who didn't
want to talk without them knowing now my
sense was that it was perfectly
understandable why you did that but you
know in terms of looking for Mel Fant
say that seemed to be the most obvious
thing now you were investigating
something like you have been lot as far
as I'm concerned something unspeakably
vile and so it seems to me that you had
a moral obligation as a human being and
as a journalist to do exactly that but
like what what the hell why are you up
on charges for for two so I'm I'm up for
Content because when we talk about the
politicization of the Judiciary or the
weaponization of the Judiciary basically
when this story that you've watched this
story went Global it was a global news
story which was a total fabricated story
yeah you maybe clue people in the story
so there was Syrian refugee in a school
in the north of England and he's held
down on video by a White English pupil
and he pours a bottle of water over him
now the headlines were that Syrian
refugee was racially attacked and and
water boarded yeah so that was the
headline and that went CNN it went ABC
ABC Australia it went BBC it was the
biggest news story of the world yeah and
they blew it up now the story the public
were told was that it was a racist
attack because because he was a Syrian
and because he was a refugee and
everyone was told that the white English
boy was a racist bully
now very quickly very quickly as this
blew up I think 170,000 was donated to
the Syrian refugee our politicians used
it everyone used this story for their
agenda so the Home Secretary invited the
Syrian refugee to Parliament um
professional Lennox Lewis well Champion
boxers made invites to him everyone was
supporting the Syrian refugee because of
what the way the story was portrayed I
very quickly got contacted by mothers
and parents at the school and pupils at
the school saying that there were
allegations that the Syrian refugee had
beat up girls H Attack girls he
threatens to rape girls all of these
allegations so I made a video saying to
the public you're being lied to about
this event okay this is not the entire
story you've got a 10-second clip stop
donating your money and this isn't the
truth from that then I received we have
a celebrity jihadist lawyer who
represents all the jihadists so if you
right yeah his name is Muhammad akanji
so he's the man trying to get shamina
begam back into the UK that's the one
the girl that went to the Isis bride um
he's been the he was the lawyer for Mad
bajo who beheaded Lee r he is the
celebrity jihadist lawyer he then
contacts me and it worked with everyone
else everyone else that was threatened
over this story shut up or retracted
their statements yeah he contacted me
and said you have to pay 50,000 make an
apology um for your defamation because I
went online and said that the Syrian
refugee had threatened to stab someone
and I said he attacks girls yeah they
said that wasn't true so they then
started legal proceedings to suei okay
this is where it starts so they start
legal proceedings to Sumi I then launch
into action investigating cuz I know
what I've said's true because I spoke to
parents pupils I spoke to everyone at
the school so then I thought how do I
prove I'm always thinking outside of the
the court because there's no jury in
this in this court case I'm thinking of
public opinion I need to show the public
that I have credibility and I haven't
lied to you in fact I was the only
journalist in Britain who told you the
truth about this story now when you see
the film if they can change the the the
entire story they change and deceive the
entire nation on this story how many
other stories are we seeing daily which
are tot mean like the story about Biden
being competent like that story for
example like when they hide it like the
hunter B Hunter Biden story when certain
stories right Russian disinformation 50
Intelligence Officers swearing to
swearing it to it they hide certain
stories and then they pump other stories
now why did they pump this story this
story was about supporting migration
supporting Refugee status because the
reality was the British government at
this time this Syrian refugee was one of
20,000 welcomed in by the cons
conservative government at the height of
the Isis conflict so if the reality
could be told which was allegations of
the boy being a bully attacking girls
stabbing people and we can I'll get on
to all of this so if that was the truth
then people might start challenging the
government policy now the government
very quickly used the story invited the
Syrian refugee he was on every news show
Once they' done that they couldn't go
back on it they had to crush the story
yeah at which point I then wear a hidden
camera and I say I say let's go and
speak to the teachers let's find out
what's gone on
up in this up in Huddersfield the first
teacher I go to who was an Asian
gentleman come out and said just said
straight away Tom me I took I took the
money said what do you mean you took the
money he said I took the money I said
they paid you who paid you Kirk Le's
Council now the leader of C Kirk Le's
Council was uh shabir pandor who's a
Muslim his brother's delete do you
remember the school story in in Batley
where a school teacher tried to talk
about uh about Muhammad and that school
teacher that school teacher is still in
hiding now so the man that organized the
rally outside that school is a muy muy
pandor so shabir pandor is the leader of
the council his brother is the main
radical Imam who organized all the
protests now at the time in the city of
Huddersfield it was the biggest grooming
Scandal grooming is rape Jihad gangs of
Muslim men who are raping young girls in
our country's history yeah this was a
perfect news story to change the
narrative which is what they done right
right so the teacher says he was paid I
say how much he he whispers on camera
18,000 so then he goes on to tell me
that the Syrian refugee come up to his
classroom to beat up a girl remember my
allegation is that he beats up girls and
then we go on to get the school records
yeah we we have and just so you can see
the deception to the British public the
Syrian refugee was sat on TV and making
comments like I don't like to break the
school rules yes yes well his school
records show 117 disciplinaries his
school records show that the teacher he
meant he didn't like to break them 150
times but the the public were totally
deceived on this and they donated
180,000 to this child yeah yeah and
they would and at the same time as this
the English boy was portrayed as a
racist bully right which was a total
they had to move right they they their
house come under attack there was
threats to rape the sisters do you know
what you don't see in the story do you
know that boy lived with me for three
years that boy I took him home I took
the family home so they lived four hours
away and didn't they put them in a
ratty hotel right next to a brothel they
were putting them in is in an Islamic
District they were putting in in the
Islamic District that muy Pandora the
man who organized a protest outside the
school controls the main Moss next door
how soon did he show up at the school
after the next day the next day but and
the story so people understand the story
wasn't organic the story of the bottle
of water happens here four weeks later
it blows up into into international news
now what happens in that four weeks the
celebrity jihadist lawyers working with
the home office yeah they put in a
criminal record check on the Syrian
family so they're making sure the store
the family are clean before they blow it
up the criminal record check comes back
say on the 25th on the 26th it's world
news so it wasn't like this story just
went online and blew up and all the and
everyone started reporting on it they
had four weeks to plan it and they
planned it and they planned the entire
story and what you see the Syrian
refugee had a broken arm at the time
yeah he had his arm in a plaster cast
now what the public were told was that
he broke his arm in another racist
attack so when I went to the Head
teacher's house after already having the
teacher say he was paid 18,000 to
prevent him telling the truth about the
Syrian I then go to the Head teacher's
house who just said Tommy I've never had
my chance to talk about this yeah I'm
not allowed to okay I said so you've
been have you have you signed a
non-disclosure agreement did they pay
you and he he goes on to say they
blackmailed him they threatened him so
when this went onto world
news the they and when I say who's they
he says Theresa May who was our prime
minister at the time she spoke about
this in the United Nations meeting she
spoke about this story that's how big
this story was and then they came into
his school and he said he'd worked there
for 25 years he joined education to help
pure he had a I could have done a whole
documentary on that head teacher yeah on
they closed the school they closed the
school down actually yeah everybody so
what happened to his arm so so basically
the head teacher says do you know how he
broke his arm and I did but I said no
tell me how he broke his arm he said he
was attacking a pupil four years younger
than him so he was 15 he was attacking
11 old boy after racially abusing the
boy's mom yeah yeah so he is attacking
the boy and another pupil cuz he had a
little boy in the headlock and other
pupil pushed him off that's how he broke
his arm but I said that's not what the
whole world was told we were told he
fell against a curb he fell against a
curb and that's what the record show
from the school and the head teacher
says on camera I investigated it I know
how he broke his arm yeah and then I
asked the T teacher well how come the
public were never told any of this he
said we told the media we we were
telling the media all of us were it was
never reported so then the head teacher
goes on to state that they made him sign
a non-disclosure agreement they then
escorted him off the school crappie and
he never worked a day since and part of
his agreement he's not even allowed to
talk to other teachers so they totally
shut this case down now whilst they shut
this case down I was a problem because I
was a journalist with a very large
following telling the public in the
world they're lying to you yeah so how
did they deal with me they then started
legal proceedings now legal proceedings
to sue me because they said the
allegations I made were lies now so I I
had to prove I went who was they um uh
so his the C the lawyers the law firm
but then with as a journalist I I can
prove everything I reported is what I
was told I had the messages from a mom
who sent me pictures of her daughter's
Faceook with bite marks yeah so I went
to court first of all and said well I'm
a journalist I just I reported what I
was told yeah the judge didn't allow
that the judge said no you have to prove
it is true so I said well I don't have
protection as a journalist that I I I
reported what I was told yeah so why do
I have to even if I was told it and I
reported the allegation but then but you
had the school record St did you not
have them I got no I didn't have them at
this point I see I didn't have them at
this point so then he said you have to
prove it you have to prove it's true I
said okay so then
they going online without expressvpn is
like putting all your passwords and
credit card numbers on a huge billboard
for the whole world to see every time
you connect to an unencrypted Network in
a cafe hotel or airport you're online
data is exposed any hacker on the same
network can access and steal that data
like your passwords bank account login
and credit card information hackers can
also make up to $1,000 selling your
personal information on the dark web and
to think you could have protected
yourself all along just by clicking one
button expressvpn Works to stop Hackers
from stealing your data by creating a
secure encrypted tunnel between your
device and the internet plus it works
across all your devices as well
including your phone laptops tablets and
more so you can stay secure on the go so
secure your online data today by
visiting expressvpn.com Jordan that's
expressvpn.com Jordan and you can get an
extra 3 months free expressvpn.com
jordant
today so then they put me to trial now I
spent 100,000 yeah on lawyers at the
start of this it was gone up to 200,000
for my legal fees then it all become
very apparent what this was for me very
quickly because we sat down in court and
they agreed their legal cost we're up to
750,000 right so then I'm like okay
this is what's happening law yeah for me
to fight this and I couldn't afford to
fight it yeah so I I I couldn't afford
the legal teams but we got into the
proven truth so I had all the recordings
yeah so I I went and got seven teachers
one teacher a female says on camera
women couldn't speak to this Syrian
refugee right he hated women yeah he was
I say what was he like he was aggressive
and you know I asked teaches the same
questions what was Jamal like and what
was Bailey the English racist bully and
whenever I mention Bailey's name they
said Oh What a Beautiful Boy yeah right
really nice kid now some people
understand the story of why why I
couldn't back down anyway yeah is when I
went when this story blew up into
National News international news I went
to meet the family the English boy and I
went to a hotel and I met the mom they
were live hiding in the hotel cuz the
police you're right were putting them in
a hostile Islamic area in some Hotel so
when I met the mom she was crying to
eyes out and she said I've spent all my
Christmas money Tommy I've got no
Christmas money for the kids I've been
here for a week hiding and we don't know
what to do she had two 9-year-old little
girls with her twins two mixed race
little girls who were were Bailey's
little sisters right oh yes right that's
important yeah it's because they're
calling them a racist family so I said
to the family I said okay I've got come
and stay with me yeah till we sort this
out so I come back up the next day and I
and we go to the house now at the time
when this blew up onto national news
their address was put out and when their
address was put out gangs had turned up
which I wear again to prove to the
public that it's not my allegation of
this I go and knock on the neighbor's
doors and say what was it like and they
say cars of Muslim men were turning up
here sh saying they're going to rape the
sisters they're raping the mom the the
and then the family at the time
barricaded themselves so the two little
sisters and the mom barricading himself
inside their door now when I went to
move their stuff the next day the family
wouldn't come back to the house they
were too scared I said right we'll go
with men to your prop and get you all
your belonging yeah cuz the Christmas
presents were under the tree so that's
what the mom was like my Christmas
presents were under the tree the kid all
the kids stuff said when I got there we
couldn't get in the bedroom door the
bedroom door was only this much open
yeah where they where the family this is
to understand what the family had had to
go through they' had to barricade thems
in as gangs of Muslims are outside
attempting to get in the house because
the boy poured a bottle of water over
him and not just the boy P ped B of
water over him but every single Pier's
Morgan Jeremy Vine the biggest
commentators in our country country
demanded severe retribution that's their
words against this child he was a child
so even if he had when you said he was
wasn't Bailey uh responding to something
that Jamal had done when he poured the
water so what we so what I said
originally was that Jamal had threatened
to stab Bailey that was my allegation
because that's what Bailey had told me
when we go to the teachers houses one
there I had her under Posh teacher
because she spoke very well she said you
do know and this is all on the
documentary you do know he threatened to
rape Bailey's little n sisters don't you
yeah so when you see the boy pouring a
bottle of water over him in the
playground he doesn't physically beat
him up no yeah pours a bottle of water
over him you don't get any backstory and
although all the teachers knew the
backstory yeah one of the teachers I
knocked on their door and I'm so GED
because the foot there was a teacher who
knew Bailey and when I knocked on her
door she just got on her knees crying oh
dear she just felt on her knes crying
and I know why she felt on knes crying
that's guilt yeah and every one of those
teachers the head teacher had a
breakdown he turn the head teacher's
life was a breakdown and and the sad
story was I spoke to other pupils cuz I
spoke to so many people another pupil
who was had serious mental health issues
always self Haring he when I met him he
said you see if it wasn't for that head
teacher I'd be dead now I wouldn't have
survived my school time without that
head teacher that head teacher saved my
life on many occasions the the fact that
I could go and talk to him yeah so this
head teacher was a brilliant man from
everyone I spoke to they threw him under
the bus they closed the school down so
to get rid of this problem they closed
the school they closed the school
amazing school was gone so I still want
to know more about well the contempt
issue so the contempt issue is so when I
so I I went to court and five pupils who
I don't know oh yeah came to court and
testified now one of those pupils was
got a grade is the best you can get in
school so one of those pupils got 11 A's
yeah a young girl called Charlie okay
her life's been destroyed through this
as well this is what I'm so angry about
yeah this isn't about saying I lied
you've said these children lied yeah
that's what the judg has done yeah right
so what he done this pupil come to court
she gave testimony that that the the
Syrian boy within a week of being in
school beat her up with a hockey stick
yeah and she still back hit her in the
back with a hockey stick another boy
come to court and testified that he
witnessed it yeah another girl come to
court and testified that he spat in her
face and attacked her another boy come
to court and said he racially abused her
M but this is the if you said the
journalists left they left court before
that happened and then the judge said
that all those people were lying and
said that people have all sorts of
reasons to lie they just make things so
basically as as the syian refugee was
given evidence the media was sitting
there and headlines were going
everywhere about how scared he was with
my video yeah um and how he was
intimidated and his family were were in
danger we find out from the police
records there were no threats yeah but
this is how them so and then when it got
to the first of our Witnesses which is
five pupils you know when it got to the
witnesses I mean the I watched the media
get up and walk out of court and I sat
there looking at the judge so they
walked out of court so as each one of
these Witnesses give evidence there not
one single thing what portrayed to the
British public so the public were told
told nothing of what the allegations
were again it's a total and I sat there
and I said to the judge how how where
are they gone there's another news story
I said so no one's reporting this no
one's and then what the judge done I
then produced seven covert recordings
now the covert recordings proved that
the council because the head teacher was
paid this teacher was paid and they all
said they were paid yeah and they all
say they were paid to prevent them
telling the truth about this situation
so whilst they're telling everyone I
lied no one was free to tell the truth
because they've signed Financial
nondisclosure agreements so in the
documentary we put in a we put in an
application to the local Council
controlled by shabir Pand mu pandor and
we ask how much have you spent on
nondisclosure of right right they spent
274,000 buying the Silence of their
employees so they from there what do you
make of the who's the judge and what can
you say about what you make of him well
I I I actually should I I'm not allowed
to say anything so even though I'm
sitting here talking yeah I have been
bound and gagged and this film that I
made so when I produced all the coote
recordings I'm sitting there thinking
your entire case is gone yeah this was a
setup it was fake it was fraudulent it's
all a lie yeah and then on the school
records remember to find me in
defamation I said he threatened to stab
someone so then I produce a School
record from his teacher that says he
stabbed someone then I go to the boy's
house who he stabbed and get the boy in
his mom on camera covertly yeah saying
that he he stabbed him and drew blood
yeah he stabbed five pupils that day
according to these pupils yeah five five
but but he was he was portrayed to the
entire country as a perfect little pure
Syrian poor Syrian refugee who had been
racially bullied now I'm not having to
go at the Syrian refugee here either
because he was 15 years old he was a
child he'd come from a war zone he had
his problems yeah what the problem is
here is the total deception to the
entire world to push a narrative by a
government yeah the narrative open
border immigration the narrative White
English racists they said the school was
racist so even in the documentary I go
and find other Syrian refugees at the
school and I knock on their doors and
say how have you found it living here
and the the girl says I found it
brilliant everyone's been so welcome
into US yeah so it was a total
misrepresentation to the public now when
I show the judge all of these recordings
what he does is he writes down
everything he saw so every allegation
that the women made so but their case
was their case was backed by the fact
that the mother who went out publicly
and said Jamal attacked her daughter the
mother that sent me pictures of her
daughter's injuries that mother
retracted her statement yeah which she
did I knock on her door with a hidden
camera and just say look I'm just trying
to understand what's going on and she
says Tommy they're threatened to rape us
yeah I said okay she go I've got to live
here Tommy with my daughters yeah and
this is the city with the biggest Muslim
rape gangs yeah so she's terrified so I
said okay I'm not angry with you yeah
because they're ruining my life because
of this because they're saying they're
telling the world I lied when I didn't
so she says okay and I said but what I
need to ask you is just was Jamal
involved in the attack against your
daughter she says yes of course he was
so okay so it was the truth so I
produced this to the judge to say you
may have a retraction statement but
here's why you've got a retraction
statement yeah and here's the school
records in the school records in minutes
from a meeting yeah which they tried to
block us getting the school records as
well in the school records from the
minutes from the meeting Jamal's father
his name is Jihad yeah yeah I know I
can't believe that Jamal's father Jihad
in the in in all the council records
They say that his family were trying to
manipulate the situation for their own
benefit Jamal had his own casew worker
who in the emails says Jamal is not the
innocent party that's being betrayed
here yeah that's his own caseworker
there was not one single person that
went to court and gave any evidence for
Jamal yeah it was literally seven
teachers five pupils the P the a grade
pupil I read out in Us in the schools
in her school record what it says is
that she is the only pupil in the school
to have zero negatives yeah yeah she's a
perfect grade a student at the time of
this court case she's at University
studying law why would she come to court
and lie yeah but the judge listed
everything that's in the documentary
yeah and then gave me a ruled against me
bankrupt me for 1.6 million pounds yeah
which is what this was about so people
understand Kate I don't know if you know
KY Hopkins in the UK they took ran Katie
before this case yeah because I knew
they they took her house they took her
family home they put her through the
courts and They seized her home and I
said Katie I'm facing she said Tommy do
an agreement I'm telling you you can't
win you cannot win this yeah I said I
can't do an agreement I I can't do it to
the kid who was living with me the
English kid he tried to kill himself as
well tried to commit suicide I said I
can't say that he that this is all I
can't do it I said so I can't come to an
agreement with them I just can't I can't
principally do it when I have reported
the truth and I'm not backing down on
that so she said well they can do what
they want because when they made me
bankrupt when when they took my house
they my new husband who had savings from
his previous marriage they took that she
said they're going to clean you out so I
had that advice very early on but I went
through and she was 100% right they
could do what they want and they
bankrupt me to the tune of 1.6 million
pounds when they bankrupt me they then
give me an injunction and when the judge
give me an injunction in court I said
when he mentioned it I said the film's
already made yeah cuz I'd already made
the film they knew I had film because
I've put out promos before the court
case to and the whole the public are
going to see the truth of this case yeah
every again in the the film is not
opinion based it's fact-based it's
school records it's when are you going
to release it so I'm not all so B
basically since I've been here the film
was played in America two years ago in a
in a cinemar in Florida General Flynn
was there he get he gave his account of
what he watched he said it's
unbelievable what I've just watched
because what people need to understand
is you see what they've done to me me is
exactly the same lawfare that's going on
across the whole Western World to anyone
who ra raises their voice what I managed
to do is document every single part of
it and show what I call the Unholy
Alliance the alliance together of the
Judiciary of far-left organizations
Muslim organizations all working
together to control the narrative and I
was challenging The Narrative and that's
why I had to be punished but the judge
gives an injunction where he listed
everything in the film and basically
said if the public ever see this you get
two years in jail so I and if I'm the
cont that's the contempt and when I come
out of court I failed I totally failed
in in myself in in myself as a
journalist because for since the start
of my activism which I'll get it was in
2019 I've said if you worry about
consequence you will never ever bring
about change you won't bring about
change I wouldn't walk out my front door
if I wouldn't come to Canada if I was
worrying about consequence getting torn
down by a communist government but if
you worry about Comm consequence you
won't bring about change an incompetent
communist government you better be
precise yeah yeah should probably throw
a bit of malevolence wounded narcissism
malevolence in to you know just for the
icing but so so I so so but when I come
out of court that day with the
injunction I was SC I was scared in all
honesty um I've been in prison multiple
times to do with my work um I spent a
year I've done a year of solit
confinement which damaged me which was
totally damaged me I went into prison
one person come out another yeah and um
so at that time and it also damaged my
family so at that time I didn't play the
film
right so this is interesting I think I
should have played the film these are
adult these are adult problems that
haven't been dealt with because people
aren't allowed to speak and now children
are at the brunt of it do you know they
ruined that whole so that school was
closed down the the collateral damage in
the government's lie because that's what
it is a total lie the collateral damage
that young English kid is still suicidal
I talk to him every day yeah as I said
he lived with me for three years right
think he' do a podcast yeah yeah he
would you want to ask him yeah he would
do it man and you know you got to hear
what what he done to his life you've got
to see what he done to hey let's talk to
him talk to him yep talk to him okay
he's a lovely young man you know he had
a difficult upbringing he had a
difficult upbringing and from the
background he's from and the upbringing
he had of poverty and a real rough
environment he is a very nice kid and
and so and I look my son's 15 it
happened to him when he was 15 right the
whole world turned on him right the
whole world turned on him man and even
now he's still feel he's still he's
still bearing the brunt of it now CU he
lived with me until till the till this
case when this case finished I left the
UK now when I left the UK he left he
left living with us and he's gone back
up to his home his hometown where he's
still facing problems Oh Yeah from this
lie but the the thing is I I should have
played the film I should have just
played the film and I didn't play the
film because I for the first time
worried about consequence I I was I
should have played the film man it's e
me up for years and the film was never
played but it was played in America two
years ago yeah two years ago it's played
in America now they've come for me why
have they come for me now I held a I
held a rally on the 1 of June um no I
come back to so I I'd stayed out of the
UK for a year since with all of this and
i' I stopped I wasn't in a great place
either and then I come back I think Elon
Musk Elon Musk gave me back my account
now my activism and my journalism took
me in 2015 I if I go I I started my
activism in 2009 yeah so I'll give a
brief history to my work yeah do that I
was born in I was born in Luton in 1982
luton's a town that's 30 miles north of
London when I was born in 1982 there was
one mosque there's now 45 mosques okay
how big is lon it's 200,000 population
and how many mask 45 okay 45 Luton was
named by the CIA as the epicenter for
terrorist activities across Europe the
fertilizer bomb plot was planned in
Luton the 77 attacks they got their
bombs in Luton the stockhome bomber was
radicalized in Luton terrorist attack
after terrorist attack is orchestrated
and come from Luton now growing up in
Luton I as I said when I was born I've
seen all of this yeah Al mine you know
Omar back Abu Abu Hamza the two their
head office they used to have an
organized ation called Aline who were
not a they're now a prescribed terrorist
organization but they never were their
head office was in biscuit Mill in my
hometown so growing up I had a very life
lesson of the influence of islamist
ideology and what it can do to Freedom
yeah also the grooming gangs which is
something we'll get on to so my cousin
was a victim at 14 she was hooked on
Heroin and raped she she was she woke up
being raped by gangs of bearded men in
the Muslim in the Muslim Community she
run naked through streets now what the
police done at the time is nothing yeah
so I grew up watching how old were you
when that happened I would have been 13
so she was 14 so as all this is
happening and just so people get Luton
is one of the most diverse towns in
Great Britain one of the most diverse
towns in Europe yeah so white English
are a minority okay most of the people I
love are not white because I've been
brought up in in this community yeah so
as I've been brought up in our school
playground when when I went to school
had the Muslim playground and the
non-muslim playground like so I had very
quick learning and then when you go into
the why why were they segregated well
they segregated themselves the Muslims
did not integrate or assimilate so when
you go into the school dinner table just
so people can picture it you'll have
whites sitting with blacks sitting with
Indians sitting with siks sitting with
Hindus all sitting together and in the
corner there' be 10 tables of Muslims
yeah now I never understood it as a
child okay it was from when I went to
high school I just knew the pakistanis
are very different yeah they're quite
hostile if you mess with one you've
declared war with the whole tribe yeah
there's not a fair fight there's never a
one-on-one fight it's all Gang Related
and I learn so I just grew up learning
it but that's not to say because some of
the best people I met in my hometown
were Muslim Lads yeah some of the people
I loved were Muslim Lads but per se
there was a real problem here and I grew
up watching it learning it and Alma rine
um my first activism was in 2004 I was
what was I in 20 2004 I organized a
protest and this group were do you
remember the bezam school
massacre no so bezam school massacre was
chian re chian terrorists had took
control of a school and this is coming
again yeah this is going to happen to a
Jewish school I guarantee you they took
control of a school when I was probably
2019 or something that was where this
was in C Russia yeah okay I and what
happened was the parents all outside the
school and all the Muslim jihadists are
inside the school with their pupils with
their children and then they start
butchering them and killing them and I
remember watching the parents dropped
their knees and they're screaming yeah
and I remember watching it thinking what
what is this what has this isn't one man
that's gone in and done this this is a
whole group of people so what and then I
had to understand what brings someone to
do that and two weeks later I saw an
interview in a chicken shop in my
hometown of Luton with a man called safe
of Islam which translates the sword of
Islam he was second in command of aline
the group yeah who whose head office is
in my town and I saw him saying an
attack like that would be just justified
in a British scho and that was my wake
up I said who's this man and I looked
him up who's his group and I looked up
who they were and then I looked up on my
backery and then I started understanding
their ideology and trying to work out
and then for me these are a danger yeah
so then I organized and I looked and
they used to have a store set up so we
have a a Don Miller's bakery a famous
it's like your Tim Horton yeah we have a
bakery chain in Lut town center and
every Saturday this terrorist group are
there openly promoting hatred yeah just
openly sending people to fight for the
Taliban recruiting people so so the
Stockholm bomber who is a Iraqi Muslim
who come to University in Len was a nice
young man till he come to L yeah then
then When You're vulnerable at your most
vulnerability away from home for the
first time in University they pounce
yeah that's typical cult Behavior this
is what so they pounce yeah and they got
him and then he went and blew himself up
yeah so these groups have been operating
so I organized a protest called ban the
loton Taliban yeah and I actually in my
pres I give a presentation Oxford
University when was that that was 2004
so I give a presentation Oxford
University because I made leaflets and
if you dig up the leaflet which i' done
for my Oxford University presentation in
2004 my rhetoric has never changed okay
so the leaflet was put as front page of
our local newspaper and what I said is
whites and blacks are being religiously
and racially targeted in this town yeah
no one's doing anything about it there's
a total two police in operation in this
town where they get away with what they
want the Islamic community get away with
what they want they don't the police do
not know how to deal with these problems
I went on to say that they use drugs as
a weapon against our community to get
our children into pedophilic practices W
which is what's now known as grooming
now when I made this when I and and I
was a young man yeah and I organized it
with my friends we go to football
together um luton's one of the most it
was vot voted the roughest town in Great
Britain yeah it's a rough place but we
went makes it rough um they were heart
makers what we were heart makers what
made you rough that's all that mercury
that's the history lon's a it's a
poverty stricken town with a lot of
problems regardless of Islam Luton has a
lot of problems it's a rough environment
it's the levels of violence are are as
high as anywhere in the UK but what you
grow up thinking is normal actually
isn't normal you grow up with a level of
violence in your school on your streets
or the way to solve things is through
violence and it's a poor town yeah so I
start I organized this
group starting a business can be tough
but thanks to Shopify running your
online storefront is easier than ever
Shopify is the global Commerce platform
that helps you sell at every stage of
your business from the launch your
online shop stage all the way to the did
we just hit a million orders stage
Shopify is there to help you grow our
marketing team uses Shopify every day to
sell our merchandise and we love how
easy it is to add more items ship
products and track conversions Shopify
helps you turn browsers into buyers with
the internet's best converting checkout
up to 36% better compared to other
leading e-commerce platforms no matter
how big you want to grow Shopify gives
you do everything you need to take
control and take your business to the
next level sign up for a $1 per month
trial period at shopify.com jbp go to
shopify.com jbp now to grow your
business no matter what stage you're in
that's shopify.com
jbp so I start I organized this group
about 200 of us turned up English men
and for the first time it works that the
terrorist group weren't there yeah the
the jihadists weren't there that day
because we were yeah and the police
locked it down but the what happened
from that point the police tell me what
they did no the police on this day the
police turned up we went to we went to
Don Miller the group weren't there we
then stood held a little protest at our
Council building saying we need to get
rid of these terrorists yeah this was
before 77 this is before any terrorist
attacks in Great Britain this was these
the terrorist attacks we've seen and the
so 60% of the Muslims in Great British
prison in in Great Britain's jails are
ex-members of this group in Luton yeah
so okay you actually had put your finger
on them I put my finger on them and I
named in the leaflet what I named in the
leaflet was the link between the street
drug gangs called the we have a gang
called the gambinos they haven't they're
not very original they're a Pakistani
group but they've called themselves the
gambinos and three year four years later
the national newspaper so in 2004 I
named them in I Nam them in my leaflet
and say we've had enough of the gangs
with their heroin and we've had enough
of the jihadists all combining and what
happened after this was I was targeted
by the by The Gangs not by the hadist by
the street level drug gangs who were
drinking alcohol gambling they're not
religious they're just out pumping
heroin and controlling the streets and
prostitution I was targeted by them now
years later the national newspapers run
a link showing the link between the
gambinos they name them and and
terrorists they're working they work
alongside each other and at the time the
lottin Islamic Center which is the main
Mosque of luten the main salafist Mosque
of luten yeah um that's it's the old
synagogue ironically before the Jews
were driven out it's the old synagogue
is now oh really yeah convenient but
Kadir Basque was the leader of this
mosque now at the time I then started
looking at at this mosque because my
friends who are Muslim had said BR that
that's the problem in this town that's
the problem yeah so I went on their
website and I translated their website
and I found a seven-page justification
for women to be lashed for adultery yeah
I found justification for killing for
apostates this is on the main mosque
yeah so I translate it all and then
basically I faced a backlash from the
Pakistani gangs and I had problems then
but at this time I'm being hon it I was
part of a loton football scene so I used
to go football with my friends the one
sat the Saturday would be the day that
all the English Lads would come together
for Luton Town Football Club it was a
culture a cultural thing I guess um I've
never claimed to be an angel either um
so I was part of a football scene so we
clashed then with with the the drug
gangs the the Muslim drug gangs and five
years goes past um by this point um do
you think you did something wrong there
no I didn't do anything I stood up
against them stood up stood up against
them and at times so I knew those gangs
because they're all we're all the same
age I went to school with them yeah
stood up against them and I remember
when they were getting with one of my
friends little sisters and I rang my
sister I rang the family and said do not
let her near them I'm telling you yeah
at the time don't let her near them I
know what's going to happen and then
that I had all the gangs having problems
with me then saying what's going on CU
because I knew them yeah what's going on
I said you're not doing to her what you
do I know the family it's not happening
lad the amount of girls I know who lives
have been destroyed through these
prostitution drug gangs and they start
off nice with the girls they get them in
they treat them well they give them
money these are 13-year-old children
yeah they give them drink they give them
alcohol they'll drive them around in
their sports cars gradually gradually
bang they're gone the girl's gone yeah
the girls gone and as I said when the
family is that when you became aware of
grooming yeah I've become aware because
my cousin all the other girls went to
school with but at the time we viewed
them so at school the English kids we
just viewed the girls ourselves we we
viewed them wrong we viewed them as
slags because they're off with all the
Pakistani men the older men right we
were viewing them as children just
looking saying what they doing with all
the taxi drivers and what what what
they're G out of all the all the older
Pakistani men I watched your uh video
about the woman now who's older who
talked about the gangs The Gangs when
she was young and she would get into a
car and lay down so that her mom M's in
the car yeah so all of these things are
going on yeah but by this point I get we
get to 2009 when did you start to
understand that your view of the girls
the view of the girls that you had when
you were 15 or thereabouts when you were
treating them like was wrong yeah
when did you figure that out when I
become an adult when I become an adult
and started looking thinking and then
when I so 2009 in 20 so 2004 I do this
protest we have a backlash from all the
Pakistani drug gangs We Carry On sort of
we get through that I've grown up I've
then by this point got two successful
businesses uh between me and my wife we
had seven properties we were doing we
were successful we were doing well well
in life yeah and then 2009 we have a
solders homecoming parade so they
weren't out there at War it was a royal
anglian regim regimen which is our local
regimen now Scott mrid is 26 years old
he's from our from the state I grew up
in when I was young and he died um
Michael Swain was 19 and lost his legs
when the soldiers I I turned up on a
Tuesday morning with my cousin and it
wasn't well publicized but we turned up
to pay our respects and when I turned up
I saw about 20 women in full Nicks which
is quite a sight when you see them
together and then I looked and saw saful
Islam the leader of this Islamic group
The Sword of Islam I looked and saw him
and then I started seeing more of them
and then I saw police everywhere and I'm
thinking no way yeah something's going
to go down here yeah then I saw the I I
watched this myself I watched as the
police took a group now what the cuz my
some of of our friends got arrested at
this event we got the intelligence now
the police actually on the motorway
stopped 360 other Muslims coming into
loot in that day yeah so there was a
full-on there was going to be a full-on
attack against our Arm Forces on they as
they walk through the town but as they
walk through the town I watched as the
local as sorry these were the armed
forces that had come back from come back
from Afghanistan or Iraq train training
they were training they weren't at War
there they I see okay okay so they had
the freedom of the city because they've
been away so then they come to get their
March and the public can come out and
support them and it was all played
anyway it was on a Tuesday it wasn't
publicized we knew it because we know
people in the regimen so we've gone down
that day and then I watched the town
hall now picture this this is our town
hall remember these group these this
group have all gone on to be impr
prisoned for Isis yeah so but that's who
they were at the time yeah but no one
knows who they are really no one has the
knowledge of what these men are like we
do because we we're born there I've
looked here I've researched them I know
who they are I know the danger of this
idea it's 2009 I'm sitting there
standing there and I watched my police
walk through all through the town hall
they opened up our town hall doors and
walked them through I thought what's
going on there and then as the soldiers
are Marching here then you just hear all
commotion so I go running around the
back of the Town Hall they've took them
through the town hall to stand as the
soldiers walk here the Muslim groups
here and they're spitting at the
soldiers they spit in Scott M who's dead
they spit in his mom's face yeah they
spat in the fam's and they're shouting
that's ass salt just to be straight just
to be straight B baby killers butchers
of bazra this what they're calling the
soldiers now now my opinion of that war
has changed from back then as well yeah
I believe it was an illegal Invasion I
believe it was disgusting what our
government's done yeah but but my
opinion has changed on the motive of the
war but and our soldiers don't get to
choose the war they go into they swear
allegiance to Queen and Country and the
government send them to war now if these
people are upset about the war take it
to the government yeah but they stood in
front of our soldiers and and my and at
this point I was with my cousin there
that day and they was I mean you you
could have lit a match and our town
would have blown up at this time yeah
that's how we felt but I'll tell you why
we felt that CU I'm a proud lonian Luton
is part of the identity of who I am is
where I've been brought up and the only
time you ever hear our hometown
mentioned ever is to do a terrorist and
Jihad and now our soldiers have been
attacked in our town Yeah by these
jihadists and not just attacked but the
police walked them through the town hall
to do it so I watched it that day and
then and I watched the police's reaction
they they didn't turn on the Muslims at
all they stood with their backs to the
Muslims so the Muslims were all hear
screaming abuse they stood with their
bands to all the English people who were
upset at what they're just allowed to
happen and the facts is the police could
the police didn't have to bring them
through our town hall they could have
kept them there how do you think the
ordinary Rank and file policeman thinks
about this sort of thing I wondered
about that in Canada because the same
things are happening well they had to
change the rank and file police to
police these events from this point on
cuz Len police were Furious oh after
this this went out everywhere Lon police
went in the next day all of them and
they wore Union Jack badges on their
uniform that said British police support
British Armed Forces yeah because they
were Furious they were told to remove
their Badges and we know this from the
police and they said no and 60 of them
went on said we're going on a walk out
we are not removing these badges because
you have portrayed you've made it look
like and the police were unhappy with
what they've been made to do so from
this and for me as a local lad like I
said to my cousin we can't allow this
yeah what's next from this they've just
attacked our Armed Forces what's next
turn up at solders funeral we know who
these men are we know who these groups
are we need the the whole country needs
to know who they are and we were so
outraged that the people of Luton have
been portrayed as being against their
Armed Forces when really it's the
jihadist and what we found out is that
every mosque in Luton was leafleted in
the days before it so we didn't know
this so all the MOs the entire Islamic
community knew all the imams knew that
our soldiers were going to come under
hostile attack by a jihadist group yeah
what's now a prescribed terrorist
organization so then after that I
organized a demonstration um called the
United people of Len but before that
what I done is I went to the council
contacted them and and set up a petition
we got 4,000 signatures we have laws in
the UK which are against um they're
called asbo orders antisocial Behavior
orders so if two young kids are are
local shops keep causing trouble
together they'll get an asbo order
prevent them from being together yeah so
what we said is you've got these orders
I don't want my mom to walk through Lut
toown Center and have to face these
jihadist groups yeah none of our family
should have to see them all together
recruiting again we want them banned
yeah we want them banned from the town
and then we turned up for our first
demonstration which was all of our I
went around leafleted everyone and said
on on it was bank holiday Sunday we're
going to show the country that the
people of Loot and support our Armed
Forces when we turned up that day and I
knew I knew CU you know you've heard of
two policing now yeah it's now become
part of the vocabulary of Great Britain
because everyone talks about how we're
two Poli in the US increasingly too
everyone's seeing the two-tier policing
but I'd seen it my whole life because
I'm from a town that's Now 50 60% Muslim
and I know what I know how we get
policed I know I've seen it yeah so I
bought a cameraman I bought a wedding he
videos weddings so I paid him for the
day and said come and video everything
yeah as we turned up the police come up
they stopped us they made us take our
shoes off yeah they searched us they put
their hands in our pockets and as
they're doing it I said you didn't do
this to them you did not do this to them
I watched the day they attacked our
soldiers you didn't your hands on them
why are you putting your hands on us why
are you searching us why are you
treating us like this we're coming out
to show support for our Armed Forces
then the police drew a baton line so we
wanted to get to the town hall which is
where our remebrance where our Memorial
is which is where they let them get and
they blocked it they blocked it they
kettled us for three hours my auntie had
to urinate in the street because they
wouldn't let them out yeah and I said I
remember saying no Muslim woman would
ever be forced to urinate in the street
you would never do this to them yeah and
then they they batoned us my friend
who's a little black clad called Craig
they knocked his teeth out yeah and
there was then clashes with the police
and then so we were held for three hours
we weren't allowed to get to the war
memorial and all we wanted to do was
show support for our armed forces and
they locked us down and after that I
then said no and then they raided houses
they went to my mom's house this is the
start they went to my mom's house I
wasn't there and everyone they arrested
they went to each estate they arrested
one person from each estate this is the
intimidation and then they give them all
bail conditions preventing them from
entering Our Town Center 24 hours a day
seven days a week for three months so
then and I knew they' been to my moms
but they I wasn't there so I thought
well you've done to us what we're asking
you to do to them they're the terrorists
you banned us from our own town and so
then we organized another protest and I
remember contacting the police saying I
don't think you understand the level of
frustration here yeah this town's going
to blow up okay the years of us being
trodden down the years of us being under
attack the crime the drugs the
prostitution the The Grooming and here
you are you're crushing us on we're
trying to have an organized event so I
said you need to let us get to the war
memorial because people are not going to
be happy but on that day I was obviously
wanted they'd been to my mom's house the
other lads who had conditions not to
enter the Town Center we all wanted to
go so when I turned up I gave everyone
masks I said when we leave here no one
take the masks off right when we're get
into the war memorial today and 500
young men turned up that day more
probably a thousand but but we're all
from Luton so the songs we're all
singing is about we are luten town it's
our town and then they they called us
all Outsiders they went on the news
saying lots of troublemakers from
outside of Luton have come into the town
and um we got to the war memorial that
day and this was the start what I done
is I went I videoed it again and I went
on all different football discussion
forums around the country and said Luton
stood up today okay we've had enough
we've had enough of what's going on
we've had enough of the two-tier
policing we've had enough of the Islamic
gangs saluton stood up today and the
video was reminiscent of hundreds and
hundreds of young men just saying that
we're we're not having it anymore and
our and our banners you know our banners
made it very clear okay Muslim no
problem extremist Muslim big problem
when was that this was 2009 this is the
start so people know me early yeah this
is this is the start of my activism this
is what anyone knows me as now I used a
fake name Tommy Robinson yeah tell me
about the name so in 2004 when I didn't
use a fake name and I stood outside the
town hall when I was 19 or 20 and held a
protest my windows got smashed my house
got attacked so come 2009 I'm successful
I've got a family I've got businesses
but I want to talk I was the same as
every one of person watching this I
didn't want to lose my house I didn't
want to lose my business I wanted to be
able to make money and I didn't want to
lose my safety let let me ask you I I
want I want to know where the name came
from but I also want to know
and I don't know the answer this this is
really a genuine question do you think
it was a good move ethically and
strategically to change your name or
would it have been better to keep your
name face the trouble then and deal with
it at that point so in all honesty I
didn't want to do this I didn't want to
be the person so I wanted to make a
stand but I didn't want to yeah yeah
okay I wanted to be successful in
business I wanted to make money my my
passion was making money I was I was I
was good at it I was doing well as a
family um but I wanted someone to speak
about it so when you know the parable of
the rich man no what's that well it's a
gospel story I'm going to tell it
because I see the problem that you're in
well there's a scene in the gospels
where Christ is traveling in a
cart and uh a rich prince jumps in to
accompany him and he tells Christ that
he's done everything he should do in his
life to be a moral person he's followed
the Commandments he honors his parents
and so on but that he's still
dissatisfied deep in his soul and Christ
asks him about his situation he tells
him he's Rich that he has all these
concerns going and Jesus says to him I'm
afraid you're going to have to sell
everything you own and follow me and the
disciples are like shorted right out by
this and they say well if that's the
cost of Salvation you know who's going
to pay that and it it I was thinking
about that in the story of Jonah at the
same time when you were talking because
Jonah is called upon by God to speak the
truth and he just heads in the other
direction it's like he thinks exactly
like you thought it's like yeah I don't
think so and you know I who would do
that who wants to do that and so but
that that still doesn't quite answer the
question like you said that you're
caught right you're pulled because on
the one hand you want to have your life
and you want to be successful on the
other hand you want to tell the truth
and so the name was a compromise between
that so I W mask for you I won't mask no
one knew who I was for you oh right so
so so looking back on that now do you
think that that was a mistake that you
made to protect your life and your and
your Enterprise I'm not saying that
wasn't justifiable
or because there's a price obviously for
anonymity there's a price for not being
public right it breeds suspicion for
example and so what do you think about
that so I think the best thing the best
thing that ever happened is when I got
unasked the best thing it was it it was
not for me I was terrified so the there
was a Times newspaper report called
Steven Bird and I've been hiding for a
year so I'm talking about all these
issues secretly on radios and I'm giving
the name Tommy Robinson and I'm turning
up to demonstrations with a mask on my
face no one saw my face so no one knew
who I was so there was lots of confusion
who is this guy yeah but obviously my
friends knew no one knew and then a
Times newspaper journalist turned up at
my mom's house and said where Stephen
and my mom rang me and said there's a
journalist here looking for you yeah and
then and I knew then okay this is it and
I went to meet the journalist and he
said you're on the front page of the
Times newspaper tomorrow Stephen yeah
your life changes tomorrow and I was
terrified if I'm honest absolutely
terrified now but in that that because
then I was nationally known yeah at this
point because the English this we we we
we we set up the United people of Luton
and then after our second protest where
we got to the war memorial we put the
video online and this Islamic group of
jihadists they held an Islamic Road Show
in Birmingham yeah and they had a big
banner that said Jesus was a Muslim and
there's hundreds of them and they stop a
young 11-year-old white Christian boy
called sha in the shopping center who's
with his friend and they get him up on
stage and they convert him to Islam and
as they convert him to Islam they're all
cheering Al abbar and I watched it then
from luten and said no they can't do
this that cannot be allowed to happen in
a city center for a child so I said
right Lads to the lads from Luton we're
going to Birmingham we're going to move
this from Lut this isn't a luten issue
this is a national issue so we went to
Birmingham and we formed the English
Defense League and that's where the name
English Defense League come from now
when we went to Birmingham we went as a
group of 50 50 men from Luton we got
violently battered okay the news and
this is where my first Awakening to the
media come so there's a picture he this
boy wasn't with us there's a young
English boy at a bus stop with a green
top Green Top on and gangs of Muslims
just come from everywhere and they
battered everyone yeah and there's a
there's a picture in the National
newspaper and they're jumping on this
boy's head and underneath the picture it
says a fascist is attacked by
anti-fascists and I look I remember look
what remember I had an awaken into
everything I because I went from working
on a building site yeah to six months
later leading the biggest protest
movement you have seen and when we went
to Birmingham as a group of 50 we had
English Defense League Tops on L and it
said Luton division the the name of our
town and these images went everywhere of
English men getting chased and beaten
yeah so this was Birmingham and our Pro
our first banners said victims of jihad
in Nigeria we stand with you because
obviously I was down the rabbit hole so
I was seeing on Christmas day five five
Christian churches were blown to Pieces
didn't make the BBC News yeah I was
following all these stories around the
world of Christians facing persecution
at the hands of jihad no one caring yeah
so we went to Birmingham we thought
let's highlight a lot of issues here
yeah let's make this this a point and we
had banners we had placards but we got
violently the police had to lock us in a
building for two hours because they
couldn't control the streets then they
got buses and put us on the buses and to
get us out of there and all the windows
were coming in there was riots going on
so from this we then went back to L and
then we saw a Christian Church in
Manchester that been taken over by
Muslims which there's been another video
go viral just weeks ago similar
situation it was in the area of longside
and they were bulldozing over Christian
graveyard Graves and headstones so I was
watching it going like they can't do
this how come no one's talking about
this in the town where's the local
political voice where's the politicians
now the thing where we people said
because we took to the streets now we
went from a group of 50 men in
Birmingham being violently beaten to
going on all the messaging Boards of
English football clubs then turned up in
Manchester and I was like when we got
there there was thousands of young
English men had come from everywhere and
and from the start because of the
violence in Birmingham the men had come
with an attitude of no we're not backing
down okay so that was sort of the start
and the birth of the English Defense
League which every city we went to there
was a Justified reason for going yeah
but no one ever spoke about that and
then and then I realized very quickly
that everything I'd seen in Len
everything I talked about Len was it
happening in every town in the city so
then I started meeting families that
victim their daughters were missing for
weeks and then I started hearing all
these stories and it's one thing to read
about grooming and and that's why I made
a five-part series the one you talked
about that you watched because you don't
get to feel the pain I'm sitting with a
mother father and a brother whose
13-year-old daughter's been missing for
5 days and the police have doing nothing
now no one so I remember going on big
chat shows in 2009 Jeremy Paxman was the
was the most feared BBC presenter and he
had a show called newsight and when I
went on everyone was all our opposition
at the time and I was terrified again
and it was the first time my mom so my
family had been crying since the time I
started my activism because my mom was
threatened with her job um there was
violence police raids uh terrorist
attack terrorist plots so my family were
begging me and begging me to stop and I
I went on this Jeremy Paxman show and I
said to I said to him like I don't
expect you to understand yeah but I
expect you to listen okay our daughters
are being taken they're being groomed
they're being raped they're being
prostituted in every town to see yeah
and he said you expect us to believe and
and it hasn't aged well for him at all
because in the early days we were
condemned as fabricating stories and and
making this up so you understand the
level I met a father from Blackpool the
gang took his daughter okay the father
and the son would ring ring his phone
and he'd have to listen whilst they were
raping his da yeah these these levels so
you and and in 2015 so we spread we go
across the country and I've done a
presentation called the rape of BR as
well as documentaries and I go back to
us marching through Telford and now the
arrest rates for these crimes if you do
a graph it goes like this there's none
yeah the English Defense League forms in
2009 by 2010 and 2011 the arrests are
going through the roof now we didn't
expect any credit for it or any any
recognition for it but the government
were them faced with something they knew
was going on look my sense was and this
is part of why you're here today like
I've been watching that since then I
don't know if it's since then but it
wasn't long after that and it was my
sense at the time and this is something
I think that Tammy has observed too that
your work was essentially what called
attention to the fact of these grooming
gangs so Andrew norfol is the Times
newspaper who finally questioned these
gangs now what he says he says we saw
the emergence of the far right he's
given an interview I had been made
knowledgeable of these gangs for years
but everyone was too scared to touch it
because all the men were Pakistani
Muslim and all the girls were young
English children yeah so he'd known
about it so for me Andrew norfol yeah
okay you you you ended up reporting it
in the end but he was a coward for years
yeah you but I also think you know it's
hard for people what do they say Carl
San said extraordinarily extraordinary
claims require extraordinary evidence I
talked to Michael shellenberger about
the trans Butchery kids that's going on
now W path and shellenberger who's a
very brave journalist told me that he
had listened to my interview with either
Abigail shrier or Helen Joyce detailing
this out probably two years ago now and
he said he couldn't believe it it took
schellenberger two years to contemplate
this because he couldn't believe of the
magnitude of the crime and I think it's
not it's not merely cowardice although
there's plenty of that it's also the
fact that look it's a lot easier to
write you off than to admit that there
are gangs of of people who've been
brought into the country who have set
out malevolently and with intent to rape
thousands of girls so it's a hell of a
lot easier to write you off as a farri
extremist than it is to even begin to
contemplate what that might mean and
that's what he that's what he said he
said we he said when I saw the emergence
of the far right by far by far right he
means concerned English fathers yeah
yeah concerned Englishmen who are saying
well we we've had enough of this if you
go back to our videos we're marching
through City saying Muslim pedos off our
streets yeah before all this typical far
rate stance yeah 2015 is when the ren
report was released okay now this is
when Andrew norfol started talking about
it now that so Andrew Nik starts talking
about it then they do an investigation
in the city of RAM and the City of ram
has a 3.7% Muslim population and they
find that over 1,400 children have been
raped yeah and they find that the police
knew Social Services
so I remember at the time of this when
it blew up everything we'd said
everything we'd been screaming about
yeah now it's in a government Rapport
now that was actually one of the things
that really alerted me to just exactly
how screwy things had become so that was
before I made the videos that made me
viral in 2016 but one of the things I'd
been following was that story and it
took me wow the first way you react when
you come across a story like that is
it's something like there's just no way
this can possibly be true and it's far
worse than you can ever yeah well that
it's far worse it's far so when that
report come out and let me think of what
name I give her because I I I know all
these girls and families now but you're
not allowed to use them they're hidden
so this girl one one girl her father had
rang 999 the emergency number when when
we when they they went through to get
the history of how many times he'd rung
the emergency services for his daughter
it was 200 times oh dear 200 times he'd
rang for help 200 times then two fathers
got together and this is all in the
report it's not my not Tommy Robinson
saying this two fathers got together and
their two 13-year-old girls were in a
house being raped by gangs of Muslim
adults yeah the two fathers went around
to get their daughters back the police
turned up and arrested the fathers they
left the girls in the house there's
another incident in this report five
Muslim men have a 12-year-old English
girl they've got her drunk she's in a
derilict house they're all raping her
yeah the police turned up they arrested
the TW the 12-year-old girl for being
drunk and disorderly yeah this is the
level of one girl she was 12 years old
as well they got a hot iron rod with the
letter M and they heated it up and they
scolded her bun because she was the
property of Muhammad yeah she was the
property of Muhammad another girl they
got and they nailed her tongue to a
table they used to take these girls out
we're not talking about sexual
gratification here yeah we're talking
about total Destruction of the most
precious thing that we have which is our
daughters this is not this is totally
something and when you go through the
cases I've investigated so many of them
and look through the numbers yeah Ram
had a 3.7% Muslim population so for
people t understand the scale of this
problem okay there was, 1400 girls raped
I then looked and in two and and I how
many how many men do you think were
involved well this is so tford so in
tford I done an investigation into tford
and the reason I chose tford was tford
was one of the gangs where we had the
Rapport the police had identified a
thousand victims and they had identified
200 perpetrators so I went and spent 18
months in in tford and I got to know the
story like you've seen yeah I've I've
I've done a five-part series called the
rape of Britain and when I went there we
went there and worked for a year before
we let out that we were working there we
got to know the girls we got to know
their families we I spent time
interviewing we had the ones that were
willing to go on camera and the ones
that weren't so I got a database and we
we built a database of names so I'll
interview a girl for three hours four
hours five hours three four times hear
every bit of her story we then sit down
and work through it now when the name we
got the men's names we had 254
identified Yeah by but and when they're
identified by more than three girls who
do not know each other that's the green
flag for me to go for them in the
documentaries me I'm going to now make
you famous yeah and now the police
investigation identified 200
perpetrators our investigation
identified 254 an independent inquiry is
identified over 300 now there's only
1.7% Muslim population in that town so
how many Muslims is that it's about
three and a half three to three and a
half thousand so when you get rid of the
women and you get rid of the under 16s
yeah we were talking about a thousand
men yeah a thousand men are in that town
and the police identified 200 of them
now when they brought them to
prosecution they prosecuted 11 why they
only prosecuted 11 so when people see
these headlines and you're seeing
grooming yeah they're not doing them
they're doing a little in each Town
they're nicking a few yeah they're
nicking a few now what we found in our
investigation was that one of the most
senior ranking officers was receiving
funds and monies from The Gangs The
Gangs act act as a mafia they are
Pakistani Mafia yeah their level of
violence their their the the groups that
they're linked with they're all the way
to the top from solicitors to CPS
lawyers to politicians so in this one
town where we' done this big
investigation and we tried to give the
information to the police they wouldn't
take it yeah so there is still a massive
cover up going on so and I done this I
done this five-part series because in
2017 I've always talked about these
issues then they started making arrests
now when they started making arrests all
the crimes I'm talking about the the
tongue on the table the hot iron rods
these were coming out of the reporting
because For the First Time if there's a
six week trial journalists were sitting
in the trials and they're reporting all
the horrific details we get told the
words they're Us in dirty Gass they use
white slag it's all racial it's all
religious they're literally quoting the
Quran whilst doing their rapes yeah so
as this is coming out finally all of
it's coming out then all of a sudden the
reporting stops now why is the reporting
stop they they put reporting
restrictions on every one of these cases
now yeah so what happens instead of
getting the details what happens is they
have a six week trial and on the final
day you get one day news 20 men
convicted yeah so I went up to one of
these cases was going on in so is that
the technical restriction they can now
they put repor restrictions and say
because there's such big trials they're
a group of 10 men a group of 10 men a
group of 10 men they're all interl until
the end of all the trials oh I see I see
so hypothetically so they're not
contaminating the tri yeah so what we'll
do hypothetically in America and
possibly here you lock up the jury yeah
we lock up the public we don't let the
public know think to keep the jury safe
that's what that's what their argument
is for okay so there's a case going on
in leags now at this time I'm doing
journalism I went to the top Kingsley
Napoli lawyers in London Ezra Levant
sent me I went on the cuse to understand
what a can and can't do around Court
Reporting so when they have a reporting
restriction the judge has no power over
putting any restrictions on any
information that's already in the public
domain so I looked at this case 30 men
and my problem with this was which I'd
previously been to another case there
was another case in called in a place
called Canterbury this cases are
everywhere yeah you've got to for the
public you have to understand the crimes
that are going on and been allowed to go
on facilitated and accommodated to go on
literally handed over our kids so in
Canterbury a young girl was drunk she
was 14 or 15 she walked into a kebab
shop a Muslim own Kebab shop and ask for
directions she's taken upstairs by all
six members of the staff they find all
of their DNA they she found crying down
the road they've all raped her they're
all on bail so I I looked at this case
they changed the name of their shop
they're still running the shop so I went
up to the city I went up to the city and
I asked the people who were walking past
are you aware of any allegations against
this business no so no one knew there's
kids I'm watching kids same people
operate same people running it they just
changed name I'm watching kids going in
there Jesus so then so I went to the
court case next day because the man's in
court now I went to the court case and I
this was before I was aware of the laws
you're not allowed to stand on court
property and video yourself yeah so I
stood on court property and said this is
what's happening 6:00 in the morning my
dog goes through I'm raided I'm taken
from my home straight down to Canter
Court where they've told me because the
judge obviously this is embarrassing for
the judge two other people went and
leafleted the estate where the men lived
those people were sent straight to jail
Paul golden he was put straight in
prison yeah for for handing out leaflets
to warn the public this man and all
these men are now convicted they got 25
years but EV they had their DNA anyway
so why are they out on the street why
are they still running the business but
this was Canterbury so I go for legal
training to make sure what I do is legal
and right so they put these reporting
restrictions on so I stand outside the
court case and I report 30 men alleged
to have made or alleged I made sure I
said alleged they could be innocent yeah
these are the crimes they alleged to
have done and I'm warning the public
that these cases are going on in every
town and City and you're not being told
the reality of the situation here you
and these are the signs and I read the
men's names because it was already in
the public domain from when they first
were charged so I read everything that
was in the public domain I stood outside
court and then the police come over and
arrest me and and they arrest me for um
a breach of the peace that's on camera
this video and as they arresting me and
handcuffing me I just I'd only gone to
work I said get me a lawyer yeah and as
I get put put in the back of the van I I
said thank you because millions are now
going to watch the warning I've just
given yeah I get taken into the judge
the judge sentenced me to 13 months in
jail straight away the judge lets the
the the the rapists go home one of them
packs his bags and goes to Pakistan he
still never fac Justice yeah so they
will go home I'm in jail I'm the big
risk yeah I got 13 months in prison and
I remember getting to jail that that
happened then within two hours within
two hours no court case no trial
contempt of court Yeah Bang 13 months
and I remember standing there going 13
months what four yeah what four okay so
that and this is there's one case where
um there's no jewelry I didn't even get
asked to play guilty or not guilty which
which is the reason they had to release
me in the end so I get 30 months in jail
I get to prison I bring my wife I said
I'm in jail like she's like what I said
I'm in prison I've just been sentenced
to 30 months in jail like and from
prison for me our prisons are literally
Isis training camps they've taken over
control they the same in America I tried
to give These Warnings for a long time
yeah they will control your prison
system the most vulnerable and weak in
society who have been wronged their
whole life are going to be turned
against your country yeah because that's
what they're doing okay the money coming
in the the the the most of them are
sophism they're controlling the prison
so for prison for me is a dangerous
place and I land in H&B hole which
doesn't have many mus Muslims so I think
great yeah I'm all right here so I SP I
spend two weeks in there and but what I
don't know is when the judge sends me a
13 months in prison he puts a reporting
restriction on anyone knowing I've got
13 months in prison yeah so I'm in
prison everyone saying where's Tommy
yeah but Rebel media and American
journalists have started saying he's in
jail because they're not they're not
bound by the Court's things so by the
Monday the judge has been forced to
release and let people know I'm in
prison
at that point 7 684 th000 people signed
a petition demanding my release cuz if
you watch the entirey in my video I just
stand and report and I say listen they
might be innocent but this is what the
alleged crimes are this is how many
victims of English girls there are this
is how many men there are you need to be
aware as parents this is what's
happening so I make the video and the
allegation was that I breached the
reporting restriction because they made
reporting restrictions on it but by law
I didn't anyway because the judge has no
power to put a reporting restriction on
the information is already in the public
domain I was talking about what was in
the public domain but I'm in jail I'm
there then after two weeks um there's
30,000 people marched on Parliament
there's demonstrations in Sydney this is
when this is 2017 stroke 18 this blew my
name up yeah it blew up so big um 30,000
people marched on Parliament there was a
massive free Tommy it's called free
Tommy movement that was built yeah and
then politicians Congressman Paul gasar
he flew to London
um um Ambassador Brownback uh part of
Trump's team contact the government to
say make sure he's safe yeah what is
going on in in the UK GT Builders flew
to Britain um lots of politicians flew
to Britain and it was all blowing up and
I'm in jail so I don't really know
what's going on I'm in prison and then
after two weeks they come and move me
and I said where am I going and they
took me to hmp onle which has the
largest Muslim population of an ja in
Great Britain yeah so as I get there why
have you why would you do this how how
does this make sense to do this and then
when I got there they said so you're
going to have to self-isolate yourself
so I'm not self-isolate myself why have
you brought me here I was fine where
what what what's the reason for bringing
me here and then I said I'm not
self-isolating myself if if you put me
on that prison Wing I'm going to come
straight out that prison door and then
I'm going to be in a position where I
have to defend myself but I am willing
to defend myself yeah I I've done
nothing wrong to self what they want you
to do when you get to prison is if you
ask for protection you're put with
pedophiles so I'm never I I've done
nothing wrong to Warrant myself being in
this position yes well it'd be very
convenient for those who aren't very
happy with you to you be classified with
the pet files classify ped files or
killed right right those are good alter
so so six Muslims were sent sentenced to
30 years for planning to kill me they
got caught with guns and bombs yeah I
get put into whill prison this is I'll
go back to onle but I get put into whill
prison I'm in the prison system I go
onto the first night Center my door
opens it's an ex paratrooper uh British
armed military who's now a prison
he said when they come to get you do not
leave this cell he said I'm telling you
your life depends on it I said when they
come when who comes when they when they
come to get you that's all when they
come to get you I said what do you mean
he said when they come to get you don't
leave your cell Tommy your life depends
on it son do not come out of this cell
so I said all right two hours later my
door opens prison officers he's with
them he said right you're going on to
awing I said I'm not going anywhere mate
and then he I said I'm not leaving this
cell I'm not coming out of this cell and
he said if you don't leave this cell I'm
going to arrest you and you're going to
be put down into to solitary confinement
you're going to be arrested I said okay
so he said okay you're arrested and then
I'm I'm separated he then comes to see
me he said you going on awing that's
where the six Muslims are who doing 30
years yeah there's no you're dead
they're handing you to them you're dead
yeah so I said okay and then I'm
obviously thinking Jesus they lit he
said he said though and I write about I
write her name he said the woman would
be done for corporate manslaughter but
it's too late for you by that point so I
said okay the next day I have a meeting
with my lawyer and I go for the meeting
with my lawyer and then a waiting room
say like this and I've had my meeting
and I this is the visit's waiting room
for legals and they opened the door and
I walked in I saw beards but they was as
shocked to see me as I was to see them
so I was like okay so I I didn't even
sit down they lock I stood my back to
the wall they locked the door and I'm as
soon as they lock the doors boom I got I
got I lost my teeth so I'm getting
battered in this little room but they
literally put me in the room with them
yeah so with and who exactly were you in
the room with Muslims just Muslim
prisoners Muslim prisoners cuz obviously
I'm I'm the most outspoken concrete
Islam the prison systems but the Muslims
didn't know I was coming in if they did
I'd be dead I'd be dead had weapons
waiting because I could see by their
faces they've all looked each other I'm
looking for but there's about eight nine
prisoners in the room there's only three
Muslims but they just anyway what feels
like 10 minutes was probably 60 seconds
the prison officers have come in they've
broke it all up I've lost I've lost my
front teeth in there I'm then
transferred to another prison and this
is each time I've gone through the
prison system so in this in this one
where I was reporting I've been put in
into h&p only and I said I'm not I'm not
locking myself away yeah they said okay
well you're um you're going to go on
solitary confinement mhm but I said why
have you bought me here you put me in
this position now so they put me on
solitary confinement and this is the
sentence where I went into I'd say I
enter jail one person come out another
yeah in this so how long were you in
solitary on this on this one was 12
weeks I lo but I lost I lost 30 uh30 P
yeah because your prisoner is bought to
your sell door and it has your name on
it and the Muslims it's a majority
Muslim prison who all run the survery
who are all compare preparing the food
so I said I need tinned food yeah I
can't eat food that's been put on my
cell door so I had five tins of tuna a
week that's what I could afford to buy
so I thought I just that's all I ate
yeah and I thought I was all right but
then even little little things like they
come to my door and they open the door
and said where's your wife and and and
and and and in my solitary confinment
they used to transfer me my wife worked
at a school and my kids were at school
yeah so the only time they could get me
out the whole prison would be locked up
at lunchtime they then walk me to have a
little exercise in the courtyard on my
own and have a shower and the only time
they do that is during lunchtime yeah so
my wife's at work I can't I could even
speak to my family yeah because usually
to people understand the British prison
system you're out your sell for eight
hours a day you've got a job you're
going to work you're playing football
you go to the gym yeah I was totally
you're isolated you're on 23 and a half
hour lock up on your own in a room and I
I was upset about obviously but then
they come and said where's your wife I
said I don't know where my wife is why
we have intelligence she's going to be
attacked of acid and then they just shut
the door and then they just shut the
door and it's like and I can't even use
the phone so but they knocked on my
wife's door and my mom's door they
police did and they give them pieces of
paper and the sad sick thing about this
is I don't even believe they probably
did have intelligence I believe that all
of this and it worked all of this is for
pressure for stress to make you break
essentially because they didn't need to
put me in hmp only I was fine in hmp
hole Yeah so they purposely moved me to
a PR to a majority Muslim custody then
they used that to put me on solry
confinement then I had this issue with
my wife and my mom and then when I got
to ring them and then and and then they
put me where my cell was literally my
cell's here and it was so hot that
summer and you can open your window this
much and there's the the building they
used as the mosque was there the
building they use as the mosque is there
I was getting like human feces put
through my window yeah so I had and and
prisoners at my door every day so I had
all this going on and then it gets to
the court of appeal so what was this
doing to you at the time I didn't
realize it was doing anything at the
time at the time I felt all right at the
time how come how could you possibly
feel all because I was I I was receiving
a lot of mail which I was reading every
day I had my head on the sentence um but
what I mean is
obviously when I say I felt all right
obviously I was panicked I was waiting
for them to leave the door open one day
every time I heard the prison screws I
got by the door ready cuz I thought if
you open that door I need to be ready
for who's coming in that door so I was
totally on edge the whole time okay okay
totally totally on edge I was a wreck
probably yeah yeah yeah well the thing
is in a situation like that you you
answered my question in a situation like
that your stress response prepares you
for action and so you'll be okay while
that's happening the problem is is that
when you're doing that your body is
hyperaroused physiologically and it
burns up your future resources that's
when I go out already yeah yeah that's
exactly what happens is that so all
those resources that should be saved for
the future you're burning in the moment
then when you go somewhere and the
stress is lessened then that response
will stop and you'll feel the
consequences well that's so I as I said
I thought I was all right and and i'
lost a lot of weights I thought I looked
all right and then after 11 weeks I had
no idea carnivore diet yeah tuna yeah
tuna but I was in and then and then and
then bang bang bang bang my door goes
and there another prisoner he said
you're going home you're going home I
said what are you talking about he
saidou going home it's everywhere it's
all over the news so how could be going
home I got I got 13 months I've been in
there three months yeah so how how can I
be going home and it had gone to the
court of appeal but my salic didn't tell
me yeah my selic said I didn't want to
get your hopes up yeah everything they
done was unlawful okay everything they
done was unlawful but because of what my
lawyers have seen with my cases we we
didn't want to tell you you're going to
get out we've looked it you didn't get
asked to plead guilty or not guilty no
due process was followed in court yeah
but it took them TW it took them 11
weeks or 12 weeks to get to before the
judge so when they got before the judge
the judge said let free him yeah get him
out of prison so then I remember I had
such a dry throat because then they got
me up and I was du it's mad because I
was I always book a holiday a year in
advance yeah which is the problem I've
got coming up now as well I always book
a holiday a year in advance for my
children and we were meant to go on
holiday we were going on holiday to
tenie the the next day yeah so when they
got me out at lunchtime obviously it's
all over the news I'm going home so I
said how long until I can I leave they
said they're just preparing everything
now yeah so I said can I use the phone
so i r i myiss I said what's going on he
said you're you're free to go to me
you're free to go what you mean I'm free
to go am I under conditions he goes no
you're free so then I rang my then I
rang my wife and cu the holidays next
day and I said tell you mom that must to
make you thirsty yeah I think I better
have a Tommy this is what I'm going to
do so we're running out of time and
we're only at 20 18 so I would like to
continue this we'll do this another
interview we'll do it remotely and we'll
do part two okay okay for now I think
what I'll do is I'll ask you to tell me
what you're planning in London on the
27th of July so 27th of July you see in
the UK we've we've turned a corner with
the public there's been a mass away we
meaning we meaning the British public
have been made to feel embarrassed of
their identity and their culture for too
long we' felt under attack um since
October 7 7th there's been a mass
Awakening so all the things we've warned
about like every interview I've gave has
aged very well for me every issue I've
spoke about has come into fruition not
because I'm a genius not because I'm
I've got any anything special it's
because I was born in a town where I
witnessed what Mass open border Islamic
IM immigration will do and you Tau the
truth that's right that's the other
thing you the truth I've seen it so why
did you no there's a mystery there still
it's not merely a consequence of where
you were born you know you grew up with
good parents and that has really been
instrumental in your values right and
and your dedication for telling the
truth and finding and and Having the
courage to do what you your convictions
you have convictions and you go forward
and you want to tell the truth where's
that come from probably I said probably
even if you even if I didn't want to
because probably if you meet the people
have met and hear the stories of okay
see the other thing that happened to me
you see when I was young 23 L younger
than that I started this when I was 13 I
started looking at the worst things I
could find right I started that when I
was 13 the first thing I did that was
seriously academic was to a report on
prison guards in owitz and I spent the
rest of my life investigating that
looking at the worst things I could find
and the thing about we're looking at the
worst things is that that horrifies you
so bad Sly that I think it's I think
what it does is scare you straight oh I
know which I tried having these
conversations with my now ex
wife if you think you're worried now I
know what the consequen yeah right I
know exactly I know what's coming I've
got three beautiful children yeah if if
anyone's got a fight I'll fight they're
not fighting yeah and what what our
cowardice is currently doing we've bred
a generation of cowards who care about
themselves yeah so and half my friends
were the same I'm all right yeah I've
got enough money I'm okay you can't keep
running from problem this problem isn't
going anywhere that's right this problem
is going to explode and on on October
7th in fact the longer you run from it
the larger absolutely 100 October 7th
really woke a lot of people up to see
not yeah not it happened in Israel but
to see the level of hate in every
University to see that our institutions
have been taken over to see the level of
aggression and the celebration from not
just a hand we're not talking about
handfuls of extremists we're talking
about the mainstream we're talking about
the Democrats yeah yeah the Democrats
the labor party the and we've seen a
massive so there's been a real wake up
and I have my messages if I go through
them every day are full of people who
said I hated you yeah I thought you was
a thug I thought yeah and I'm not
perfect yeah and I've made mistakes
because that's human and what I've done
the whole way through my activism and my
career and now my journalism is whenever
they've tried to stop me talking I think
no that's not like you you if you tell
me not to do something I will do it
that's always been my way it's my
character here I not so and I'm right
and I remember my go my my wife's dad's
saying stop please stop like you not see
the danger here I said Am I Wrong Am I
Wrong yeah no so why should I stop well
because they're threatening us because
they're trying to intimidate us so every
bit of police threaten this this
incident in Canada well that that
doesn't deter me you you locking me up
even if you want to put me in jail it's
not going to deter me if you're going to
put me in prison now for this film what
and I can't understand they make the
same mistakes every time yeah yeah it's
amazing you locked me up for this film
yeah I hope every single person in the
world talks yeah right I hope you bring
more ey to that film so I'll go to jail
jail for me is a terrifying I might not
come out of that prison sentence and if
I do I'm going to do solitary
confinement which is going to fry my
head but I've gone through 15 years of
this yeah and I am committed to it and I
think that you I think that the when I
say they they have underestimated the
human Spirit the BR and certainly the
British Spirit yeah and what you saw I
hope so what you saw on the 1 of June
was the British spirit and what you're
going to see on on July 27th is what are
we going to see on J you're going to see
the largest gathering of unified British
public that they've seen and when I say
Unified they like to separate us and
divide us yeah like my my politics and
my my my um since starting the English
Defense League yeah has always been open
to everyone okay I don't care if you
come into Great Britain yesterday you
love this country and you want to
protect it come and join us yeah and we
saw so whilst they've tried to label us
as racist extremists it doesn't work
their Monopoly in their power has gone
and we saw that on June the 1st with the
total with the the different diverse
backgrounds that come up to celebrate
British identi yeah which is what being
British is about and we're going to
celebrate it on July 27th um two days
later they believe they're going to lock
me up and the problem they have now I
had a recent court case on 26th of
November you may have seen me arrested
in London at the anti-Semitism rally
which the world saw me do nothing wrong
yeah they come yeah yeah they come and
told me I wasn't allowed to report now
years ago like when the media got up and
walked out of court yeah they could do
that now we have citizen journalists
thank you Elon Musk yeah thank you Elon
Musk because in my court case in
whatever court case now there will be a
row of the most influential citizen
journalists who will be live live
tweeting every single word so they can't
control the narrative anymore not in a
minute yeah not since people have got
platforms and voices again so on July
27th you're going to see the largest
gathering we have three of the largest
screens in the UK being put up in trala
square um we know everyone wants us to
fail we knew that on June the 1st yeah
we didn't fail it was a total success
July 27th will be a total success if all
I care about and which why I said this
may be the most important interview I
give is that freedom of press freedom of
speech freedom of assembly have gone
okay they're gone we have a controlled
media totally controlled media you
challenge any narrative this isn't just
open border immigration you go against
transgenderism you challenge any of yes
I've noticed they're coming for you
they're coming for you and and they wish
to seek and control everything they wish
I saw the WF put out an ad I don't
exactly know when they released it
telling people not to launder their
genes more than once a month right
because yeah it produces too much carbon
dioxide right t-shirts too by the way
which is you can wash your underwear
more regularly according to the WF those
bastards will seek to control absolutely
everything that people do and all the
jigsa is fitting together because
everything we've spoke about all fits in
with this total element of control yeah
they want and unfortunately when I was
deplatformed for five years off of every
single social media yeah every single
social media I made a documentary called
panad drama okay now Panorama are the
BBC's investigative journalists hit
piece when they were doing a documentary
on me I sent a girl undercover into them
yeah and they had no idea okay I got
them making up sexual allegations
against me on Covert recording yeah I
got them so John Sweeny was the head of
Panorama yeah I produced this
documentary their program about me never
come out I produced his documentary he
was put on gardening Leaf yeah when I
talk about the controlled media when I
got these covert recordings he was
telling he sat someone down and said say
this about Tommy Robinson and it do we
have an agreement yeah and it was one of
my ex-employees but they didn't know we
recording them yeah so they were telling
them what to say they were scripting the
entire program how many other these
programs have been scripted yeah but
they were scripting the entire program
when they come to interview me and I sat
down like this I put I put a video wall
behind me and I said to the Panorama
would you ever tell anyone what to say
no press play on the wall behind me the
covert recording of him making
agreements on what to say sexual
allegations now if they would have been
successful my life would have been
destroyed my kids would had to go to
school with their father as a Harvey
Weinstein yeah but but I produced this
documentary within 48 Hours of producing
that documentary I was blacklisted off
of every social media and I was
recharged by the government yeah this
case that's coming up against me now is
the government it's not the police it's
the government the Attorney General now
Facebook and and meta the entire meta
made me a figure of hate which meant if
you mention my name you get deleted yeah
that's the that's and they were so
because you see again I my investigative
documentary work is fabulous it exposes
them and they deleted me and for 5 years
I was disappeared until you must give me
back my voice in those five years I
think it I don't know what who got back
first you or me I don't remember I think
I might have got back first means I'm
somewhat less controversial than you so
congratulations so Tam do you have we
should wrap up and we will you don't
have any questions no I want to thank
you I really want to thank you for yeah
so maybe let me ask you a question I
mean you I've been following Tommy for
quite a while but you were quite
instrumental in arranging this
discussion so why did you do that why
very long time ago and supporting you as
well why did I want to do it yeah yeah
mo why do you trust him why do I trust
him I don't know I had a pretty
disagreeable Irish father and uh he was
and he was a smartass you know and uh I
trust Donald Trump I trusted Donald
Trump all along too I don't know I just
I know when you like disagreeable men I
like men men who have uh values that
they'll Stand By and and they are brave
and say what they mean I I think we need
men to stand up and I need we need women
to figure out their crap because we're
causing a lot of trouble and I'm going
to try to help with that I think just
need I think we need to remember who we
are well so so one of the things that
maybe we'll close with this one of the
things that I'm very interested in this
is part of the reason why I was
interested in you is because
you are a working class
leader
and the working class when angry can go
very very badly wrong and so but the
working class anger when it's Justified
is absolutely necessary because you know
one of the things I've thought about you
and your guys is that you when when push
comes to shove you'll stand up and
that's something now the trick is going
to be and also on July 27th to keep that
managed you know the Canadian truckers
did a very good job of that they kept
the spirit of that protest very positive
I don't know how much chance you've had
to talk with some of the lead organizers
Metar leech I've been here I've met them
yeah I've met them they she actually
said to say hi to you guys I found her
story I found it yeah found myself quite
lucky that I'm getting to leave Canada
after hearing what they' done to her H
ARA after hearing what they done to all
of them so we talked a little bit about
the necessity of the working
class standing up and making their
position known the danger that that
turns into a like a vindictive populism
and gets taken over
by the psychopathic Community this was
something I worried about at the end of
the trucker Convoy they they stopped in
time a they stopped before the real
predators and parasites showed up to
take over and so they did that
brilliantly it was very well timed very
peaceful very
harmonious and it ended at the right
time one of the things we're trying to
do in the UK and elsewhere is to put
together a positive vision for the West
for the future because the other danger
of that populist Uprising is that it's
all reactionary you know to use the
left-wing phrase that it's all pushing
back against and and angry instead of
putting forward a positive vision and
thing about workingclass men is they
need a PO every man needs a posit div
vision and so that's something else we
should talk about when we if I can send
you we've working what we've said is we
need a cultural movement in the UK yeah
we need a cultural movement that
celebrates identity and celebrates who
we are and brings everyone together for
that Feast we've wrote like a 10-point
pledge a pledge that we want the public
to take to be part of the movement well
let's talk about that let's talk bring
when we talk again let's talk about that
pledge and I can discuss what we're
doing with Arc as well because that's
what we were hoping to launch on the on
the 27th it was it was about saying if
we if we change the culture we change
the politics okay yeah let's show them
that we control it and and and you're
right about this like for years people
have tried to align themselves and
Purity comes with time our support base
now is totally mainstream totally normal
um you you'll see the best of British in
London what we have to make sure people
will want us to fail well and who knows
what kind of instigators there to but we
but we have enough men now that if
people turn up wearing all black wanting
to inscape problems we'll put them in
place ourself we don't want the we told
the police at last demonstration stay
away okay stay away let us Poli
ourselves yeah because if anyone wants
to step out of line our own people know
we'll put them in line that's that's the
idea and the idea is to have fun we've
got a church choir band singing we've
got um we're having a celebration art is
a good idea to bring to bring art music
into it you know because that sets the
that sets a good T I've asked tomorrow
Lee to come and sing as well oh yeah
okay asked her to come and sing cuz her
stor is insane July 27th e yeah hey if
you can be there it's just J this the
story of so much now is it's ordinary
people trying to do extraordinary things
because we shouldn't have to be doing
this we should not we should we should
no no we should be doing this PE
ordinary people aren't as ordinary as
they think yeah you're a good example of
that you leave that extraordinary stuff
to the leaders you get Tyrant which is
what we've got now yeah yeah yeah yeah
is what we've got now and essentially
this is across the whole of the West and
that's what I said with men we we need
to remember who we are as in yes that's
right and if we had pride in who we were
we we wouldn't allowed any of these
abuses to happen none of this would have
been allowed to happen but they've took
our pride took our identity well they
did take it I felt something I'll end
this on I went to the 100y year
anniversary of Polish Independence yeah
and when I walked at the front of it
there hundreds of thousands of them I
felt something yeah I felt the the hairs
on the back of my neck I felt an energy
that I was I went home gutted about
because they have such because they were
off the map for 100 over 100 years
because they've continually had to fight
they it's ingrained in their people to
understand the importance of who they
are and their identity and our new
generation don't know this yeah so I I
went home pretty upset thinking I
haven't where has that gone in Britain
and I felt it on 1st of June and I feel
it now and and I think the British
public are feeling it and feeling the
sense of identity the sense of Pride and
the sense of coming together to
certainly tell the establishment
enough's enough here yeah we're not
sitting by silently anymore so yeah
exciting times but scary times um I want
to do July 27th and then and then I hope
that public opinion they've weaponized
the courts and the Judiciary have been
weaponized against me I hope to
weaponize the public opinion against
them so if you do want to send me a j
and knock me out for two years let the
world know what it's about so part of
the problem with getting the working
class aroused let's say in Anger is that
that can degenerate into a like a
vengeful response that doesn't have an
aim and so what has to be associated
with that is something approximating a
positive Vision to make sure that
everyone's aligned and upward aligned
and
to provide the proper replacement to the
ethos let's say that the
Islamic fundamentalist
Psychopaths and that's not all Muslims
by any stretch of the imagination are
putting forward so what are you thinking
about with regards to Vision so our
vision so we've got probably 10 of the
main influences in the UK around
politics and culture coming together to
come to an agreement exactly this in
celebrating our identity in how do we
stop the erosion of our culture what are
the 10 principles we can all agree on
that we can come together on we don't
have to agree on everything no one has
agree on everything we have to agree to
defend Great Britain to defend our
culture to defend our identity and so
that's we've got meet an important
meeting on the ninth where we come
together and the purpose of July 27th
was to give the public a vision so
here's our vision here's our here's our
vision okay okay gr it well thank you
very much sir thank you Tammy thank you
for so much as well for it's a good
beginning H yeah yeah I'll do what I can
to be there on the 9th thank you so okay
and so to everybody watching on YouTube
thank you very much for your time and
attention the film crew here in Toronto
that's much appreciated as well to the
Daily wire for putting together the
resources to make this possible and to
staying the hell out of the way which
they're very very good at which is quite
the skill um that's much appreciated as
well thank you sir thank you good to
meet you thank you T thank you have so
much thanks thank you thank you
[Music]